#SW Team member's instructions for setting up their development environment.

= Introduction =

This page provides general FRC setup instructions, plus team-specific setup steps.


= General Setup =
[http://wpilib.screenstepslive.com/s/3120/m/7885 2014 FRC Technical Resources Reference]
[http://wpilib.screenstepslive.com/s/4485/m/13809 2015 Java Programming Tech Refs]
==Install Java/Netbeans Bundle==
These instructions are from 2014, but you can use them as a general guide to installing the latest JDK and Netbeans. Alternately, you can use the Ubuntu SW Center to install the latest Canonical versions of each of these.
  * You can install the latest Java JDK and Netbeans as a bundle from [http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk-7-netbeans-download-432126.html HERE].
  * [LinuxInstallInstructions Linux install instructions]
  * [WindowsInstallInstructions Windows install instructions]
==Install NetBeans==
_Need to fill this section out as someone installs JDK and Netbeans individually._
==Add FRC Plugins==
 # Open Netbeans
 # Select Tools->Plugins from the top menu bar
 # Select the Settings tab
 # Hit the Add button
 # Enter a name for the FRC plugin repository such as "FRC Plugins"
 # Enter the URL for the service: [http://first.wpi.edu/FRC/java/netbeans/update/Release/updates.xml]
 # Hit the OK button
 # Select the Available Plugins tab. Now the FRC plugins should listed.
 # Select the 6 listed plugins whose names begin with "FRC".
 # Select the Install button and follow prompts.
 # After the plugins have installed, set the Team number. In Netbeans,  goto the *Tools->Options* from the menu. Then select the *Miscellaneous*  tab and *FRC Configuration* subtab in the Options popup window. Set the team number to 2421 hit the OK button.
= Team Repository Setup =
The Subversion (SVN) client plugin was installed as part of Netbeans. This is the protocol we will use to access the team's source code repository in [http://code.google.com/p/rtr-team-robotics/ Google Code].

[SVNConnectingFromNetbeans] follow these instructions to connect and checkout the team projects.

You can also connect via a command line client as well as clients that integrate with your file browsers. [SVNBasics See here for more details.]