#summary Explains how to set up the robot routers for wireless use.

== Introduction ==

The setup of the two routers involves using one as an access point, and the other, mounted on the robot, as a bridge. The process involves setting up a DHCP server for assigning ip-addresses.

By Josh Piel


== Details ==

The step-by-step process for setting up the routers.

=== Setting up the access point ===
The access point is the router that is not mounted on the robot. It is used for hosting the wi-fi network that is used to connect to the robot.
  ====Step 1 - Access the D-Link settings page====
  Use an ethernet cable to plug the computer directly into the access point for first time setup. Verify that the computer is set to automatically obtain an IP address.

  The settings page can be accessed at http://dlinkap/. (If that page does not load or it appears to be non-existant, try to reset the router by pushing the small button on the back with a paperclip or screwdriver.)

  When at the login screen, if the router was not reset, use the password 'Team2421'. If that does not work, or the router was reset, try a blank password. If that does not work, try to reset the router (stated above).
  
  ====Step 2 - Configure the network====
  First the SSID and WPA2 key need to be setup. This can be accomplished by using the setup wizard on the setup tab of the router settings.
  
  Set the name of the access point to dlinkap (or leave it at that) and move on. 

    Next, pick manual mode, and then set the SSID to 'Team2421'. When prompted, select the passphrase type as WPA2 personal (or automatic) and make the passphrase also 'Team2421'.

  ====Step 3 - Setup the LAN ip-address====
  While still in the setup tab, click the NETWORK SETTINGS button on the left sidebar.

  In the LAN SETTINGS section, change the combo-box from Dynamic-IP to Static IP. In the now-visible fields, set the IP address to '10.24.21.20' and the subnet mask to '255.255.255.0'.

  ====Step 4 - Setup the DHCP server====
  On the top of the screen, select the tab 'ADVANCED'

  //NOT FINISHED - JOSH WILL CONTINUE FROM HERE